###### This is just a bunch of notes, I'll format it later and re-write it.

# Abstract Syntax Tree (AST)
### Requisites
- [Nearley](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nearley) -> A JavaScript parser
generator compatible with NodeJS.

### Abstract
Given a string input containing source code, the program should tokenise and
parse the string into a series of tokens, and use the tokens to produce an
abstract syntax tree.

An abstract syntax tree ("syntax tree" or "AST" for short) is a node graph
created from tokens generated by a parser from source code.

| code -> parser -> tokens
| tokens -> AST -> compiler -> compiled code!

The purpose of an AST is to abstract away the exact source code, and tokenise
it into a more manageable format. For example, the input "5 * 2 + 4" may
produce the tree
```
     +
    / \
   *   4
  / \
 5   2
```

The tree is much easier to work with than operating directly on the source code
string as we can traverse the node graph and recursively evaluate any given node
by applying its operator to the result of all of its child nodes.

For example, in the tree above, we can find the result of the sum by working
from the bottom of the tree, upwards. First, the multiplication is applied to
`5` and `2`; `5 * 2 = 10`. The tree then becomes
```
     +
    / \
   10  4
```
and the addition is evaluated; `10 + 4 = 14`.

Abstract syntax trees represent the structure of the source code of a program
without necessarily keeping specific data about the source code (such as
identifiers and value literals). This makes working with source code much
more abstract and easier.

An example of this would be the code `message = "Hello world"` producing the
result
```
     assignment
      /      \
identifier  string
```
where `identifier` is a token 'identifier' that internally stores the exact
identifier, and `string` is a token 'string' which internally stores the
string literal value. Note that the tree represents the structure of the code
without necessarily displaying the literal code components.

### Application
